Added Module.exports tip (#349)
discordjs/guide: guide/command-handling/adding-features.md

	},
};
```
::: tip

> You Can Export Anything In Module.exports and call it in help

Reviewer: If anything, this would have to not be overcapitalized like that.
Additionally, exported object is available not only in help command, so i think this sounds slightly more fitting.
```suggestion
You can export anything in `module.exports` object and access it later.
```
On the other hand, "anything" may not exactly be true either, but that would depend on reader.

Author: Sounds Good!
